So let me summarize what happened in the last demo when we ran the
first Glue crawler and ran our Glue ETL job.
Our Glue crawler crawled the Amazon Aurora relational database and
populated the sakiladb database in the Glue Data Catalog with all the
tables that are in the Amazon Aurora database,
giving it enough metadata and statistics to recreate the database whenever
you want to perform any type of analytics on that data.
The columns in the Glue Data Catalog database tables are the Name,
the Database, and the Location of each table,
in addition to the classification,
which for all of these tables is My SQL because they all
came from the Amazon Aurora MySQL database.
Once the sakiladb database in the Glue Data Catalog was populated with data,
we ran the Glue ETL job.
What you're looking at on this slide is the Python
script that we used for transformation.
This would be a really good slide for people who are learning Python to
go back to because I color coated everything for you,
so you can get an idea of what each line of code is doing.
The screenshots on this slide show you different views for the Amazon
CloudWatch logs that were the result of running the Glue job.
There's a lot of data there,
so I thought it would be a value to show a few screenshots,
so you can see all the kinds of data that Amazon
CloudWatch logs have for your job runs.
The next section is a demo section, where we will create a new Glue crawler, and crawl the Parquet-formatted data.